Add an example `ControllerConfig` to sizing-guide (#191)
upbound/upjet: docs/sizing-guide.md

executes certain Terrafom CLI commands asynchronously and this may result in 
more than the `max-reconcile-rate` CLI invocations to be in flight at a given time.

## Adding Configuration Parameters to ControllerConfig

> The following YAML can be used to add or update the above parameters. 
> Please run `kubectl apply -f` after copying the following into a local file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the configuration parameters mentioned above, 
you need to add them as arguments to the `ControllerConfig`. 

In the example below you can see the options specified under the
`spec.args` section. 

You can apply this configuration by running `kubectl apply -f`
and referencing the local file path with the config.
```

```
apiVersion: pkg.crossplane.io/v1alpha1
kind: ControllerConfig
metadata:
  name: example-config
spec:
  args: 
    - --max-reconcile-rate=20
    - --provider-ttl=250
---
apiVersion: pkg.crossplane.io/v1
kind: Provider
metadata:
  name: provider-aws
spec:
  package: xpkg.upbound.io/upbound/provider-aws:v0.32.1
  controllerConfigRef:
    name: example-config
```

> You will get the following warning, please ignore it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Due to ControllerConfig being marked as deprecated, you will get the following warning, which you can ignore for now:
```

```
Warning: This API is deprecated and is scheduled to be removed in a future release.
```

> You can see more details for [ControllerConfig]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please take a look at the Crossplane documentation for more information about [ControllerConfig].
```

Author: Suggested changes have been made.
